Update SQLX instructions (#66)
NordSecurity/libdrop: README.md

SQLX has `offline` always enabled and based on `DATABASE_URL` env var decides which one to use. Env variable has precedence over .sqlx dir.

> For any query changes or new queries the database needs to be set-up. Make sure you're running `sqlx-cli` 0.7

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For any query changes or new queries the database needs to be set-up. Make sure you're running the same version of `sqlx-cli` as the `drop-storage` dependency
```
